Please view this link to get access to the group google document:
 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hrTXOB0v9slgUbdqtIjOdMQHt-YSb4oxnZa6eN82SV8/edit?tab=t.0

This Google document consists of 2 tabs. The group 6 meeting discussions tab and a task list tab.

Group Project Assignment

Part 1

The members of this group are:
- Ameenah Riffin
- Carly Plumridge
- Yusra Omar
- Elisabeth (Libby) Myers
- Filsan Mohamed
- Hollie Donnithorne (In order to join our project repository, Hollie has been asked to submit her GitHub credentials;
but she has not yet done so, so she is not currently able to access the remote repository.
Although a few of us have individually contacted her, unless she provides her details, 
the instructor will not be able to see Hollie's Git commit history).


Every member of the group put forward an idea and at the end we went with idea (E),
 which is Hollie's idea.

What is the concept/ what are you building?

We're building The Neighbour Hub web app which puts users in a group with their neighbours.
A group in which users can create events, see the upcoming events and where users can communicate 
via posts on a general community message board by asking questions or discussing about 
all sorts of things such as renting a room, pet sitting, sharing recommendations, selling furniture, 
supporting local businesses, what is happening in the area, real-time local news, etc.
Users can also connect on The Neighbour Hub with people who share similar interests
or with people who are in the same age group. 
Users can register by filling out a form where they can type in their names, postcode, email address,
username and password.
After users have filled in their information and have registered, they can log in and then 
they will be placed in the correct neighbourhood on the platform.


Who will this help? Who’s your target audience?

The Neighbour Hub app promotes community involvement. 
Its target audience includes people who would like to stay informed about
what is happening in their neighbourhood and seek to connect with others.
This app is for busy professionals who would like to engage with the community
without attending gatherings and local businesses who seek to meet potential clients 
in their area. 

The app also helps community members looking for help, suggestions, or support, 
as well as event planners who wish to plan and publicise local events. 
It also gives young families who wish to connect with other families 
and elderly people who are looking for social relationships a platform. 
The Neighbour Hub app's overall goal is to improve neighbourhood relationships and foster
a feeling of community among the neighbours.
 



 How will you be working? What tools will help with that?
 We will be working as a group and we will help each other where we can.
 In terms of tools, we will be using HTML,CSS,Javascript, React,API and MySQL for database.
 


How are you going to organise the workload? Who does what and
When?

API/Backend/MySQL database will be done by Ameenah, Elisabeth (Libby) and Carly.
Frontend will be done by Ameenah, Filsan and Yusra.
Ameenah has stated that she is willing to work on both sides, frontend and backend.
Furthermore, Elisabeth (Libby) has stated that she is quite handy at the frontend
and that she is willing to help with the frontend if she is needed. 

What are the main features of your project?

There would be automatic neighborhood placement after users have registered and logged in.
On the community messageboard (home page) posts can be written, placed in a category and posted 
by community members who are logged in.
Posts can be viewed on the community message board (home page) by community members who are logged in. 
Events details (such as event name, date, start time, end time, location, postcode, 
price, description of the event and the category of the event)
can be typed in and then the event can be created by community
members who are logged in.  
Upcoming events can be viewed by category by community members who are logged in. 




Part 2 Design

We have come up with 5 screens to produce the flow expected for users to follow. 
We have explained the flow expected that the user will follow by using arrows.
For example, the fact that when a user clicks on the register button, that the user then
gets to the create an account page has been illustrated through an arrow connecting the register button
on one page, to the create an account page.


-Summary justification of our design choices.

Because of its stylish design, the Neighbour Hub facilitates 
community engagement. It uses soft lavender, 
which is inviting, and purple, which exudes 
creativity and confidence. It's easy to get started because 
the login buttons and the registration buttons are conveniently located. 
The layout walks you through the process of learning about the 'Your Neighbour Hub' app,
the process of registering,and connecting with your neighbours. 